Continue executing the script if queuing repo migrations fails (#842)
github/gh-gei: RELEASENOTES.md

- Create shared access signature (SAS) with read-only permissions - not read-write - when generating Azure Blob Storage URL

> - Make generated script by `gh gei generate-script` and `gh ado2gh generate-script` commands for parallel migrations more resilient by not halting the entire script executing if queuing a repo migration fails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make parallel migrations scripts generated by `gh gei generate-script` and `gh ado2gh generate-script` more resilient by not halting the entire script if queuing a repo migration fails. 
```

> - Make generated script by `gh gei generate-script` and `gh ado2gh generate-script` commands for parallel migrations more resilient by not halting the entire script executing if queuing a repo migration fails. 

Reviewer: What would it look like to apply a similar change to `bbs2gh`?

Author: `bbs2gh` doesn't have a parallel execution yet!
